
The App Garden
Create an App API Documentation Feeds	 What is the App Garden?
Done! Here's the API key and secret for your new app:

	worxup
Key:
c1c02364ba1fe8444ddddafba1bbdfa3

Secret:
c77c302476249f10

Edit app details - Edit auth flow for this app - View all Apps by You

What to do next

If your key is to use in an application that someone else developed, for example to display your own or your group’s photos on your website or blog, then you’re all done!

If your key is for an app that you’re developing, here are things to help you build and promote your app:

Build your app
You're all set to build something cool with the API key and secret! Make sure you know what you can and can't do with the images and data on Flickr before you design your app. Save some time by reading these reference guides first:

API Terms of Use
Community Guidelines
API Documentation
Flickr API Group
Come back to Flickr
Once your app is working, come back to the App Garden and check out your very own app page. We've set up an app page for each of your approved keys in Apps by You. Application pages are only needed for applications that other people can use to enhance their Flickr experience. If your API key is used just to display your own or your group’s photos on your website or blog, then please do not create an app page. App pages are meant to help viewers discover new utilities to extend and enhance their Flickr experience.

Spruce up and share your app page
When you're ready to showcase your app, fill out the app page to let people know what it's about. When your app page is ready, change it from private to public to make it searchable in the App Garden. Your app will need a title, description, screenshot, a link to your site, and at least 1 tag before you can make it public. Screenshots and descriptions should explain clearly how your application works. Again, please only make an app public if it provides utility to viewers; apps that simply promote your own or your groups’ photos will be privatized.

More questions?
You can find a lot of answers within the What is the App Garden? section.